Pd-57 scale 22.12 update smart test article (#1723)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALETutorials/DataProtection/SMARTTestsSCALE.md

For example, do not schedule S.M.A.R.T. tests on the same day as a disk [scrub]({{< relref "ScrubTasksSCALE.md" >}}) or other data protection task.

{{< expand "How do I check or change S.M.A.R.T. testing for a disk?" "v" >}}
Go to **Storage**, then click **Disks** button. Select disks to be examined using the checkbox at left. Click the <i class="material-icons" aria-hidden="true">expand_more</i> to the right of the disk row to expand it.
**Enable S.M.A.R.T.** shows as **true** or **false**.

To enable or disable testing, click **EDIT** and find the **Enable S.M.A.R.T.** option.
{{< /expand >}}

## Running a Manual S.M.A.R.T. Test

To test one or more disk for errors, go to **Storage** and click the **Disks** button.

![StorageDashDisksButtonSCALE](/images/SCALE/22.12/StorageDashDisksButtonSCALE.png "Storage Dashboard Disks Button")

> Select the disks you want to test using the checkboxes to the left of the disk name. This displays the **Batch Operations** options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select the disks you want to test using the checkboxes to the left of the disk names. Selecting multiple disks displays the **Batch Operations** options.
```
